[Music]
there's a monster outside
we have the discovery of a lifetime
forget it we should find all sorts of
species with all believed the Mariana
Trench was the deepest place on earth
but we encountered the completely new
world something down here
what you people discovered is bigger
than we ever thought yes
how big is that thing what's the largest
rock that ever existed a living fossil
thought to have been extinct over two
million years
it's megalodon he's kidding right
[Music]
that things out there need to find it
and kill it
but you just put a tracker on it you
guys ever watched Shark Week regular
dogs were thought to have been extinct
they're not getting eaten by some
prehistoric fish you sure about this not
really
[Music]
he looks heroic but it's kind of got a
negative attitude
she owned this you ugly if y'all me to
go instead
well the God this man ok good sauce line
[Music]